now this next feature really helps you
when you have someone in your household
or friend that says hey can I borrow
your phone to make a quick phone call
and you know how there are so those
people who are snoops they like snooping
around so what I'm going to show you how
to do is I'm going to show you how to
turn on a guest mode in order to enter
security you have guest mode and what
guest mode is going to do is it's going
to allow you to secure everything that
is on your phone when the guest mode is
on so they can't see anything that
you've done they won't it'll be kind of
like a generic phone for them so about
guest mode you can determine when you go
in which allow apps are allowed so by
typing here you can choose which
programs you want the person to be able
to use so for example I may want them to
be able to use the internet and then
some of these other things or maybe I
don't you can turn that off once I've
selected that you know I can change the
wallpaper if I want to be able to do
that and I can also do a specific lock
code I like doing this remember my lock
code was tap tap tap I showed you that a
couple of seconds ago now for my guest
mode I'm going to do the opposite side
tap tap tap tap like this so tap tap tap
that's how it's going to be tap tap tap
and I'm going to confirm it and I'm
going to now turn on my guest mode here
at the top so now what I'm going to do
is remember I enable the tap function
right so tap tap tap for me and tap tap
tap for the guest mode I'm going to turn
that on and now if I do tap tap tap this
is my guest mode now notice how my
screens changed I have very limited
programs there's no app drawer right
there's nothing here
if they go into gallery there's going to
be nothing in the gallery because again
they're it's completely secure and
private the phone I didn't even evil
even enable the phone function because I
chose not to do that this is also a
great function when you have kids that
you want them to be able to use the
phone to play but not mess anything up
so I'm going to turn it off turn it on
again and again if I tap my code
but that was the good that was again
that was my not code for my gas mode let
me go back to mine
notice how the phone change it's again
set up your gas mode to prevent
unauthorized snoopers from being able to
see what's going on in your phone or if
you want to lend your phone to someone
you can always enable that guest mode
for them so that again you limit what
they can do